Improve docs and ci (#190)
fingerprintjs/action-coverage-report-md: README.md

> 🟢|&nbsp;&nbsp;[getReportParts.ts](https://github.com/fingerprintjs/action-coverage-report-md/blob/80148ef2d10c51d31e3a472c61ce2ead8b68a2e1/src/utils/getReportParts.ts)|     100 |      100 |     100 |     100 |

Reviewer: In `Uncovered Line #s` what does the `#s` mean?

Author: It is how Jest generates this table, action does nothing with that 🤷‍♂️

> 🟢|&nbsp;&nbsp;[getReportParts.ts](https://github.com/fingerprintjs/action-coverage-report-md/blob/80148ef2d10c51d31e3a472c61ce2ead8b68a2e1/src/utils/getReportParts.ts)|     100 |      100 |     100 |     100 |

Reviewer: GitHub doesn't let me comment on unchanged lines but the intro of the Readme also needs some grammar revision: 

Jest coverage report in Markdown

...

This action uses a text coverage report from Jest and generates a Markdown report based on it in the format shown below. The table shows the status of each file. Each file and uncovered line is properly linked to it's examined version on GitHub.

...

The action returns a `markdownReport` output that you can use in other actions. The example below shows how to use the report in a pull request comment.

```yaml
steps:
  - name: Prepare coverage report in markdown
    uses: fingerprintjs/action-coverage-report-md@v1
    id: coverage
    with:
      textReportPath: './coverage/text-report.txt'
      srcBasePath: './utils'
  - name: Add coverage comment to the PR 
    uses: marocchino/sticky-pull-request-comment@v2
    with:
      message: ${{ steps.coverage.outputs.markdownReport }}
```

#### Add coverage report to the job summary

> You can add code coverage report to the job summary. More you can find
> in [the official documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/using-workflows/workflow-commands-for-github-actions#adding-a-job-summary).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add a code coverage report to the job summary. For more information, see
[Adding a job summary](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/using-workflows/workflow-commands-for-github-actions#adding-a-job-summary) in the GitHub Actions documentation.
```

![Job summary example](resources/job_summary_example.png)

```yaml
steps:
  - name: Prepare coverage report in markdown
    uses: fingerprintjs/action-coverage-report-md@v1
    id: coverage
    with:
      textReportPath: './coverage/text-report.txt'
      srcBasePath: './utils'
  - name: Add coverage report to the job summary
    run: |
      echo "## Code Coverage" >> $GITHUB_STEP_SUMMARY
      echo "${{ steps.coverage.outputs.markdownReport }}" >> $GITHUB_STEP_SUMMARY
```

## API

> ### Inputs

Reviewer: Consider changing [Istanbul](https://istanbul.js.org/) into a link, it will help users not familiar with the package know what is going on.

Reviewer: GitHub doesn't let me comment on unchanged lines but but "default value is..." should be capitalized as its the next sentence "The default value is...."

Reviewer: Also consider turning the two paragraphs into a list

### Outputs

`markdownReport` - Coverage report in markdown

> ## How to get text coverage report

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How to get a text coverage report
```

### Jest

#### CLI

```shell
npx jest --coverage --coverageReporters="text" > coverage.txt
```

#### Configuration file

```js
module.exports = {
  // ... other settings
  coverageReporters: [['text', { file: 'coverage.txt', path: './' }]],
};
```

### nyc (Istanbul)

#### CLI

```shell
npx nyc report --reporter=text > ./coverage/coverage.txt
```

#### Configuration file

```js
module.exports = {
  // ... other settings
  "reporter": ["text"],
  "report-dir": "./coverage"  // will generate a file ./coverage/text.txt
}

> ```

Reviewer: The structure of this section are slightly hard to scan because GitHub only has a very small visual difference between H3 and H4. Consider using a list instead of H4s: 

### nyc (Istanbul)

* Using a CLI:

  ```shell
  npx nyc report --reporter=text > ./coverage/coverage.txt
  ```

* Using a Configuration file: 

  ```js
  module.exports = {
    // ... other settings
    "reporter": ["text"],
    "report-dir": "./coverage"  // will generate a file ./coverage/text.txt
  }
  ```
